rec: add interface (not subject to proxy protocol substitutions) addresses in Lua DNSQuestion and corresponding FFI (#14023)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/lua-scripting/dq.rst

  .. attribute:: DNSQuestion.remoteaddr

      :class:`ComboAddress` of the requestor.
      If the proxy protocol is used, this will contain the source address from the proxy protocol header.

  .. attribute:: DNSQuestion.localaddr

      :class:`ComboAddress` where this query was received on.
      If the proxy protocol is used, this will contain the destination address from the proxy protocol header.

  .. attribute:: DNSQuestion.interface_remoteaddr

>       :class:`ComboAddress` of the interface the requestor used, that is, the network source address of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Source :class:`ComboAddress` of the packet received by the recursor. If the proxy protocol is not used, the value will match ``remoteaddr``.
```

  .. attribute:: DNSQuestion.interface_localaddr

>       The :class:`ComboAddress` of the interface where this query was received on, which is one of the listening addresses of the recursor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Destination :class:`ComboAddress` of the packet received by the recursor. If the proxy protocol is not used, the value will match ``localaddr``.
```
